c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\ClassCloud.dll.config
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\ClassCloud.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\ClassCloud.pdb
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Mono.Math.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Mono.Math.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\obj\Debug\ClassCloud.csproj.App.config
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\obj\Debug\ClassCloud.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\obj\Debug\ClassCloud.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\obj\Debug\ClassCloud.pdb
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClassCloud\ClassCloud\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
